If there is a tree shape, the branches are lined and the fruit is a video, so the love tree is completed in the shape of a tree with a video on the tree. If I fall in love with this person, I will run only one video. If I set about 20 videos on the second video, for example, I will run 20 videos and fall in love with him perfectly. If you complete a tree like, "I became a fan in a fling," and when it is completed, if you press the heart mark on the tree, the tree will shine golden and you will complete the first love tree. That's the beginning of my fan life. Every time, when I miss the first time I fell in love with this person, I come to the love tree site and think, "Oh, I fell in love with this while watching the love tree I made," and continue my fan life. I'm trying to make it like that, but at first, while watching this video, I wrote down the date of the video and my feelings on my phone's memo. So, I wanted to vent more, and I wanted everyone to know why I liked him, so even if not, I wanted to expel it, so I left it in a memo as if I was writing in a diary. I still leave it that way. But I thought that other people might feel the same way, so I created a love tree site. I need to do it first, but to do that, I need a video that I fell in love with at first sight and that moment in the video, and I want to write down my impressions at that moment. Oh, I got caught in that eye. How can I have that eye? Look at that for 5 to 7 seconds. I want to write it down like this. Write down a video like that, connect it with a line, pull it from YouTube, watch it, and write it down again, and keep writing down, and then complete a tree. Then other people come and look at my tree, and they click on "Fell out" to become a fan together, and they want to communicate with each other in real time by leaving comments on the video. They do it on the bulletin board in a different way. I want to communicate this with the video in the comments below. I want to express this, but what prompt can I use to make the shape of the love tree the way I thought? At first, it's a tree shape, but later, for example, if it's Jungkook, there's a frame like a knitting. I want to see Jungkook's face come out if Jungkook continues to include the video in the frame. So when it's completed, it's Jungkook's face and he sends it to Twitter or Hive. So there are countless love trees with Jungkook's face, and the whole silhouette of Jungkook's face is created. Then it's really cool. Jungkook's love tree made by ARMY all over the world! This is the concept.